id_test1.txt ---> tests router id < 1
id_test2.txt ---> tests router id > 64000
ip_test1.txt ---> tests if input port is negative
ip_test2.txt ---> tests input port >= 1024
ip_test3.txt ---> tests input port <= 64000
ip_test4.txt ---> tests if all entries are not in one line 
ip_test5.txt ---> tests if an input port is repeated
op_test1.txt ---> tests if output port number >= 1024
op_test2.txt ---> tests if output port number <= 64000
op_test3.txt ---> tests if output metric number >= 1
op_test4.txt ---> tests if output metric number <= 15
op_test5.txt ---> tests if output router id >= 1
op_test6.txt ---> tests if output router id <= 64000
op_test7.txt ---> tests to see if an output port number is in input port number
op_test8.txt ---> tests to see if all output port numbers are on one line
format_test1.txt ---> tests missing router id parameter
format_test2.txt ---> tests missing input port parameter
format_test3.txt ---> tests missing output port parameter
config_test1.txt ---> tests missing router id value
config_test2.txt ---> tests missing input ports values
config_test3.txt ---> tests missing output ports values



to Run easily just copy and paste ->

python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/config_test1.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/config_test2.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/config_test3.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/format_test1.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/format_test2.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/format_test3.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/id_test1.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/id_test2.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/ip_test1.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/ip_test2.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/ip_test3.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/ip_test4.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/ip_test5.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test1.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test2.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test3.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test4.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test5.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test6.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test7.txt
python3 RIP_Routing_Protocol.py test_files/op_test8.txt








